What you said is correct.
I want to take you. You have also opened a house.
Why.
Process engineer.
I know you are quite spicy.
But I found you and you are nameless.
I want to keep him by my side. I want to take good care of him.
If you want to take care of him, you can stay with the Gu family.
It must be absolutely impossible to leave. And...
I take care of my family. You give him better things.
I am your father.
I have raised him for so many years.
I don't want to be separated from him.
It's just because of what happened to me years ago.
I can't be heavy.
Whatever you want, I can satisfy it. Not bad.
Process engineer.
What you call failure
Plus your Guiqiao
How long can this last for one year or three years?
five years ten years
But when your Guiqiao
After it's all gone
How do I deal with myself?
We are not from the same world to begin with
Five years is interpreted as something other than
I beg you too
I don't need you to do it
I don’t need your fault and Guiqiao
I think what you mean is
I don’t want to give you any more testimony
I just want to take you now
You leave and live a good life
Very big and big pointed ear locking
Tomorrow I'll send you off with a white paper